  ---                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
  TL;DR (memorize this one line)                                                                                                                                                                                                
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                
  ▎ "Lethe audits medical bills with three AI agents that talk to each other peer-to-peer, reach consensus, and prove what they did on-chain — without ever keeping your bill."                                                 
   
  ---                                                                                                                                                                                                                           
  The 3-minute pitch

  [HOOK — ~25s, slow, look up]

  Eighty percent of medical bills contain errors. Almost always tilted against the patient — duplicate charges, wrong modifiers, services that never happened.

  When patients dispute these bills, three out of four win. The catch — most people never dispute. Forty percent say they don't know how.

  And the few apps that do help solve this make a different problem worse: they upload your records to a central database and keep them forever. That's exactly what a HIPAA-anxious patient is trying to avoid.

  [WHAT IT IS — ~25s, faster, confident]

  Lethe runs on a different deal: ephemeral PHI, persistent learning.

  You drop a bill in. Three independent AI agents analyze it. They talk to each other peer-to-peer over a real Gensyn AXL mesh, reach consensus, and draft a formal appeal letter for your review.

  Your bill never touches storage. Never reaches a model provider. After about a minute, it's gone.

  [WHY AI — ~45s, building energy]

  Why three agents? Because no single LLM is reliable enough to act on financially. GPT-4o, Claude Sonnet 4.5, and Gemini Flash each have different blind spots — so we make them disagree productively.

  Round one: each agent independently reasons over the redacted bill.

  Round two — this is the headline. Every agent broadcasts its findings to the other two over the AXL mesh, drains its inbox, and runs a second LLM call with peer findings as context. They can add findings they missed. They
  can downgrade ones their peers convinced them were wrong. We explicitly prompt against herd-voting — disagreement is fine; it's data.

  The final consensus runs on those round-two votes. A finding only counts if it survived peer scrutiny and has a 2-of-3 majority. [pause] If they can't agree at all — a 1-1-1 split — we honestly fall back to "clarify." We
  don't fake consensus.

  [WHY BLOCKCHAIN — ~55s, slower, confident]

  Why blockchain? Three reasons, three contracts.

  One. The BillRegistry on 0G Galileo anchors a SHA-256 of every audited bill plus the verdict. You can verify what was analyzed without us holding the analysis.

  Two. The same hash mirrors to a Sepolia BillRegistry through KeeperHub's Direct Execution API. Two chains, one truth — if 0G goes down, the proof still lives on Sepolia.

  Three — the kicker. The PatternRegistry on 0G stores anonymized findings: just code, action, severity, amount. No patient data. Before every new audit, the coordinator queries eth_getLogs and feeds prior dispute rates back
   into each agent's prompt.

  So Lethe gets smarter with every bill it analyzes — without ever holding any patient's actual records. That's persistent learning without the privacy tradeoff. We're using the chain as the agents' shared memory,
  deliberately.

  [PROOF — ~20s, energetic]

  Open the dashboard, drop a sample bill — the receipts are real. Three terminals stream live LLM tokens. Real AXL chatter shows peers exchanging findings. Each agent revises its vote. Two transaction hashes drop, both
  verifiable on the matching block explorer. About a minute total. You download a formal appeal letter. We never saw your bill.

  [CLOSE — ~10s, slow, look up]

  Lethe — medical bills, audited by AI consensus. Forgotten by design.

  ---
  How to flex the timing

  Compress to 2 min — drop the third "blockchain reason" (KeeperHub mirror). The PatternRegistry read-back is your strongest beat; lead with that one if you only have time for one chain claim.

  Stretch to 5 min — add these two beats after WHY BLOCKCHAIN:

  - (~30s) The privacy invariant beat. "Most AI products treat privacy as a feature you toggle. We treat it as the architecture. Every PHI strip happens before the model API call. Bill bytes are zeroed from memory the moment
   parsing finishes. The SSE event stream — what powers the live dashboard — carries only stage names and counts, never bill content. We can't leak what we don't keep."
  - (~30s) The judgment-call beat. "The most interesting decision wasn't technical — it was honesty. When agents split 1-1-1, the cheap thing to do is let registration order silently pick a winner, and ship. We caught that
  and shipped 'no majority → clarify' instead. We'd rather tell you we don't know than fake confidence with your medical bill."

  ---
  Delivery tips

  - The opening "Eighty percent" line: pause after it. Let the number land.
  - "We make them disagree productively" — this is the line judges remember. Slow down on it.
  - "Ephemeral PHI, persistent learning" is your tagline. Use it twice — once early as the framing, once at the close as the payoff.
  - Don't read the chain reasons as a list — number them with your fingers if you're on stage. Visual rhythm matters.
  - The closer ("Forgotten by design") is the wordmark. Match the cadence of the landing page; it's been engineered.